New page on how to upload a large binary file (#1669)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/upload-large-binary.adoc

= Upload a large binary file
ifdef::env-github[]

[NOTE]
====
We recommend that you link:https://docs.ota.here.com/ota-client/latest/{docname}.html[view this article in our documentation portal]. Not all of our articles render correctly in GitHub.
====
endif::[]

Software packages can be uploaded on the OTA Connect Portal by following the section xref:ota-web::upload-software-ui.adoc[Upload software versions, window="_blank"] of the OTA Connect User Guide.

You can also upload large binary files (up to 3 GB) using the `garage-sign` tool on the command line.

*To upload a large binary file, follow these steps:*

> . Ensure you have the latest version of the `targets.json` file from OTA Connect by pulling the latest version to your local repository.

Reviewer: Do we assume that users already have a local repo server ? 
Or shall we had an initialization step, i.e garage-sign init ?

Author: @xaviergully good point. I will also add the initialization step.

+
[source,bash]
----
garage-sign targets pull \
  --repo <reponame>
----

. Next, upload the large binary file you want with the command below.
+
[source,bash]
----
garage-sign targets upload \
  --repo <reponame> \
  --input </path/to/bigfile.bin> \ <1>
  --name <name-of-target> \
  --version <target-version> <2>
----
+
<1> The path to the file you want to upload is specified here.
<2> The `name` and `version` of your `targets.json` file are specified here. These can be seen in the `targets.json` file under the `custom` field as shown in the example xref:customise-targets-metadata.adoc#_anatomy_of_targets_json_metadata[here].

. After the upload is successful, add metadata about the file to your `targets.json`.
+
[source,bash]
----
garage-sign targets add-uploaded \
  --repo <reponame> \
  --input </path/to/bigfile.bin> \
  --name <name-of-target> \
  --version <target-version> \
  --hardwareids <hardware-id1>,<hardware-id2> <1>
----
+

> <1> This refers to the ids of hardware that your binary file supports. An example can be seen in the `targets.json` file xref:customise-targets-metadata.adoc#_anatomy_of_targets_json_metadata[here] under the `custom` field.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps more helpful:

```suggestion
<1> This refers to the types of hardware that your binary file is intended for. An example can be seen in the `targets.json` file xref:customise-targets-metadata.adoc#_anatomy_of_targets_json_metadata[here] under the `custom` field.

```

= Upload a binary file
ifdef::env-github[]

[NOTE]
====
We recommend that you link:https://docs.ota.here.com/ota-client/latest/{docname}.html[view this article in our documentation portal]. Not all of our articles render correctly in GitHub.
====
endif::[]

> If you want to upload large binary files (up to 3 GB) or your software signing keys are xref:ota-client::rotating-signing-keys.adoc[taken offline], use the `garage-sign` tool on the command line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to upload large binary files (up to 3 GB) or your software signing keys are xref:ota-client::rotating-signing-keys.adoc[offline], use the `garage-sign` tool on the command line.
```

Alternatively, "have been taken offline" works too, but it's more verbose.

Reviewer 3: Changed

NOTE: You can upload software packages of up to 1 GB on the OTA Connect Portal. For instructions, see xref:ota-web::upload-software-ui.adoc[Upload software versions] in the OTA Connect User Guide.

*To upload a binary file using `garage-sign`:*

. Make sure you have the link:https://tuf-cli-releases.ota.here.com/index.html[latest version,window="_blank"] of the `garage-sign` tool.
. Get the .zip file with your provisioning credentials.
+
For instructions, see the xref:ota-client::generating-provisioning-credentials.adoc[related] section in this guide.

> . To initialize a local repository, specify its name and path to the .zip file with your provisioning credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To initialize a local repository, specify a name and the path to the .zip file with your provisioning credentials.
```

Reviewer 3: Changed
